week1:
In week 1, my group and I decided on our group name and roles in the group. 
I was delegated into the frontend team. We picked project 7 "Event Management System" as our project and set up jira.
We discussed features of our system and possible novel features.
Our task this week was to think of user stories for our features and some novel features to finalise.

week2:
I made user stories based for features discussed with my group. My group and I also finalised on our novel features which 
would be a dashboard for each event and a calendar for each user that will display their attending events.
We also aggregated our user stories and finalised each one. 

week3:
In week 3, I started making wireframes our event management system for the project proposal.

week4:
In week 4, i set up the frontend system for the project.
Made a navigation bar that uses the dynamic routing system that allows users to go to different pages on the application. 

week5:
In week 5, I completed the create events page for my team's system which allows users to cerate events, made a 
view events which would view an event's detail and eventually allow users to buy tickets. I also helped out on the public landing page 
for eventful(my team's website name) which included an "all events" and "upcoming events" tab. 

week6: 
I debugged code on the create events form. The form is dynamic, user's can add as many ticket type they want, however there
was a bug in the form where users only could edit the most recent ticket type. I started adding an image gallery(carousel) 
on the view event pages so that users can view all the images of the event.

week 7:
In week 7 i finished the image gallery for the view events pages. I started implementing the purchasing ticket system on the 
frontend. I discussed with the backend on how we should organise events that are seated. We concluded some venues would have seat
sections and host can allocate sections to ticket types.

week 8: 
I implemented the purchasing system for eventful for both seated and non seated events. The purchasing system consisted of 
a ticket selection page, seat allocation page for user's selected tickets and a payment method page. For seated events i made
event maps for seated venues that displays available and unavailable seats. Assisted with send reviews.

week 9:
Continued sprint 2 tickets. I completed a page where host can view customers,tickets and email all attendees for an event. 
Also completed a feature where customers can refund their ticket if it is at least 7 days before their event on my events page.

week 10:
I implemented:
- sold out events and for you tab on public landing page.
- added extra error checks to create events form 
- added error checks on purchase tickets form and disabled public users from buying tickets
- added host can cancel their event
- added delete event
- fixed stylying on pages, added extra pop ups, cleaned and refactorised code


