Week 1
Formed group in the tutorial. Joined into the team group on webcms and created account to join the Jira team. Discussed amongst our team about possible projects to work on and decided on the Event Management system.
Brainstormed some ideas about our system on the different functionalities it would have and the possible novelty features we could incorporate. Began to write some user stories on the functional requirements
of our system to discuss with the team for our weekly meeting.


Week 2
Edited and finalised with the team on the user stories we will be using across our sprints. Split with Hayden to write the basic acceptance criterias for all the user stories so that the team has a better 
understanding of how we can classify a user story as 'done'. Joined our group on github classroom.



Week 3
Researched and discussed the system architecture that is to be used for developing our event management system. Filled in the system architecture section of our proposal report explaining the technologies our team
will be using for the different layers and describing the external actors using our system.




Week 4
Completed tutorials on node js and building api's so that I can become more proficient in backend development for our project. Began setting up the repository and installing the virtual box. We assigned each other the
Jira tickets we would work on for Sprint 1.


Week 5
Set up Postgresql database for our project and helped install it on everyone's machines. Created database tables and the backend project (folder) structure to implement our backend. Completed JIRA tickets (individually and 
through pair programming) to implement REST API endpoints on user authentication to the event management website, creating events and getting events. 



Week 6
Revised database tables and its attributes with the team after completing sprint 1 to make changes for new functionality required in sprint 2. Implemented the changes to the database and refactored existing code to ensure
new changes did not break our currently working apis.


Week 7
Implemented and tested sprint 2 tickets for backend regarding event tickets, seating and registering to attend events.


Week 8
Implemented remaining sprint 2 tickets on search/filter events. Attended to any changes in requirements to the backend from request/response made by frontend and assisted in debugging any errors that arose.


Week 9
Implemented email functionality to integrate with existing API routes and to our codebase. Set up the virtual machine with dependencies that our code uses and made sure our system works in the virtual environment


Week 10
Implemented sprint 3 tickets on our dashboard novelty feature, assisted in writing parts of the project report and delivering the demo.

